Thomas Gibbons
Email: T.Gibbons@net.com
Phone: (305) 555-1212
Address: 111 Wharf Drive, Miami Florida 33222
EDUCATION:
STATE UNIVERSITY, Miami, FL
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, July 2009 - May 2011
Relevant Courses: Financial Accounting, Managerial Accounting, Finance, Microeconomics, Macroeconomics
STATE COLLEGE, Miami, FL
Associate in Arts in Liberal Arts, Feb 2008 - June 2009
Graduated with High Honors, Dean's Honor List
4th place in round 2 of the 2007-2008 National Mathematics Competition Associated Student Government Award Scholarship
EXPERIENCE:
STUDENT COUNSELING CENTER, Miami, FL Counselors’ Assistant. [May 2008 - June 2009]
􏰀 Selected from dozens of applicants for this position.
􏰀 Communicated with international students with different backgrounds to identify the situation, provided access to
information, and direct students to resources; also provided guidance via phone.
􏰀 Assisted counselors by gathering relevant information in advance and scheduling appointments.
􏰀 Executed the student service by arranging sign-ups and budgeting time slots; initiated effective walk-in list management
and filing rules; shaped task routines; clarified duties of different assistants; trained new hires; resolved problems of
responsibility shift and unsafe housing sources.
􏰀 Coordinated between offices; represented the office in special projects like International Day, campus tour, new student
information seminar, and graduation dinner.
PLAY & MUSIC, Miami, FL Intern. [Summer 2007]
􏰀 Assisted the teachers during class by guiding children using proper language and manners; translated the teachers’ words to parents.
􏰀 Worked with teachers to manage the schedule and class preparation.
􏰀 Bridged the parents and teachers by providing useful resources. Accomplished effective customer service.
BOOK DISTRIBUTION COMPANY, Miami, FL Assistant Staff. [May 2008 - June 2009]
􏰀 Expanded target consumer group using effective marketing techniques; engaged in making business decisions.. 􏰀 Performed customer service to different group of people.
􏰀 Traveled to attend book fairs and gathered market information.
􏰀 Assisted the inventory management, helped keep record of the selling and buying of books.
ACTIVITIES:
STUDENTS GROUP, [Sept 2008 – Dec 2008], State College commissioner.
􏰀 Coordinated clubs and promoted club activities to improve communication between clubs.
􏰀 Got advice from students and generated improvement ideas. STUDENT FORUM, [Sept 2008 – Dec 2008], State College Liaison.
􏰀 Organized events for over 50 students.
􏰀 Participated in the officer team management and brought up ideas for club improvement.
HONOR SOCIETY, [Sept 2008 – Dec 2008], State College Member.
􏰀 Participated in volunteer work.
SKILLS & INTERESTS: 􏰀 Microsoft Office
􏰀 Fluent English/Spanish
AFFILIATIONS
FRATERNITY, [Sept 2009 - Present], Finance Assistant
